*: add experimental warnings (#2832)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-intro.md

# TiDB Dashboard Introduction

> > **Warning:**

Reviewer: This is not from https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/3330/files. Where does this warning come from? @jackysp

Author: https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/3330/files#diff-c9747b847859e83c802693a25cb125c2R1351

Reviewer: The note should be in post-installation-check.md. See https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/2832/commits/16ce338c64886bef9c94fa2801d0e5d453db0727

Reviewer: Decided to keep this note in dashboard/dashboard-intro.md. I will add this note in docs-cn later.

Reviewer: Updated this note in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/3675

>

> > This is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use this attribute in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiDB Dashboard is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```
